Criteria to identify support and resistance levels

Price has reacted in the past and can potentially react to in the future -> Trade opportunities
Criteria
1) Extreme swing high extreme swing low - Highest and lowest points of price
2) Multiple rejections of an area
3) Level is obvious
4) Move away from area was drastic
5) Level was acting as both support and resistance (respected from both sides)
6) Recently respected or formed 

More criteria the better

So large account -> Plus 500
Small account -> other broker



Please remember that I never talked about the price. My being angry earlier was a misunderstanding that was mainly about trust not money. The deal is fair. It is about me knowing if I can truly commit to it.

I want to trade with real money (100 Euros) at least one day before I decide about the training. Reason is that I need to work with real money on Monday to feel real (slight) pressure. Helps me decide if trading is for me. You said psychology is important. If I sink it I see it as a learning fee. I can do it on my own if you think you spent enough time with me for free I totally understand it. 

What broker do you recommend for me to use for the demo account?

Can I repeat the 100 Euro test twice?  But I do not really feel prepared enough see it as a learning fee for the first week. 

I have an idea about communication rules to be careful with both our time:
I would suggest the following to mark important messages
Large money account question: Red dot🔴
Small money account question: Yellow exclamation point⚠
Paper account question: pencil
Everything else is not really important. Maybe additional symbol for trading ideas when I am more experienced.

Another idea would be to use text attachments for all messages except the important ones but that decreases readability a lot

Did the wiring of 14k to my normal account and just wired 1k to my paypal account. Online wiring time is required by law to take one workday maximum. I would suggest wiring to Germany (my account supports immediate wiring "Sofortüberweisung") for your 3000 Euro pay. Gives me time to decide until April 1st as we agreed upon.

About what you said that after 3-6 months I will only work 2-3 hours a day. I know you are honest, but is this really true? You might have a wrong perception of your worktime and get the hours wrong unintentionally. I only notice you working all the time.

